>> Stee Kinney: So you go into Cursor.
We saw those Cursor settings earlier.
You go into tools integrations, you can
hook up GitHub, you can hook up Slack and
you can also say add custom mcp.
Cursor has some functionality
now where the web.
You can have a button
called Add to Cursor.
You can click on it,
it will do all this for you.
But if you wanted to pull in one because a
lot of them could just be NPM packages or
you can write your own that has
like some bespoke functionality and
like hook it into your own systems,
so on and so forth.
I think the power is
probably building your own.
But yeah, you go hit that add custom mcp.
There is some configuration that I didn't
want to show you on mine because I had API
keys in there.
So this is one for Firecrawl,
which is like that web scraper
that I told you about earlier.
And now it has access to all
the tools of that web scraper.
So we're gonna use a very,
very practical example.
I'm sure you had those course
notes before on my website.
I'll show you again.
All the notes from our courses are here.
There's also like the previous courses
which as you can tell is way out of date
for the number of courses that I do.
Could I update this by hand 100%?
I could, I think I'm missing like five
courses at this point and I haven't.
So what we could do is
we can go to Cursor.
Let me just go into my website repo.
Open that up in Cursor.
I like when Electron apps decide they are
only going to open the background of other
apps if your computer's been open for
too long.
That's a thing that they choose.
All of them choose to do at some point or
another anyway.
So we can go into the settings.
As you can see, I actually want the Cursor
settings which don't have a shortcut.
Tools and integrations and
I have a few of these.
But Fire Crawl has a bunch of tools.
Firecrawl Scrape, Map.
I don't even know what they do,
it doesn't really matter.
Let's do, let's see, I wanna make.
Doesn't really matter where I do this
cuz I'm not actually going to keep it
right now.
Cuz I'm definitely not deploying something
to my own website that I live coded with
an MC server in front of you.
I will be reviewing it beforehand.
I'm just going to find a file and
we'll make one
called Could I tell the LLM Make
a file in this place.
I could totally do that, I don't trust it.
Take that for whatever you will.
Then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
go to frontend Masters teachers.
There we go, look at that handsome devil.
Grab that URL.
And I'm gonna say for
all of the courses and
workshops, for each one,
I want the title,
the thumbnail picture.
I'll just say the image and the link.
If I was smarter,
Dustin sent me an affiliate code,
I'd be like and
append my affiliate code to each and
every one of these links and
write it to a JSON file in at.
I just made a new one in routes.
Hopefully, I picked the right one cuz
I used my handwritten one as well.
Write it to a JSON file in Svelte.
Cool, cool,
cool, now my LLM has superpowers because
I put in that Firecrawl MCP server.
So now it knows it has
the tools to scrape a webpage.
You'll notice though,
there is a little bit of hope here.
Probably could have mentioned Firecrawl,
but you can see that it chose
this new tool that it has because
it's the one that Firecrawl created.
And you can see that it is going to
that page, it is scraping that page and
it is starting to put
together my JSON file.
And I could save this
to use on a notepad or
I'll show you a Cursor command later and
I could run that and I could literally get
an updated JSON file of the courses that I
could then use for the Svelte site, right?
Those are the things where it's like,
do you want to say, build a SaaS for
me in a weekend maybe?
Again, people are doing it,
I believe them that are making money.
However, writing a scraper was
a Saturday that I did not want to spend,
clearly because I didn't do it.
And then pulling in some of these tools
takes things that are not necessarily
Writing a scraper is not necessarily
like a big brain activity.
It's tedious.
And if you've never done it before,
totally do it, cause it's fun.
You'll find out all the ways
different websites try to stop you.
Real estate websites.
Yeah, ask me how I know.
But that stuff where you can start
to make progress and move stuff.
Cuz again, there is the stuff we do for
pride as software engineers and
the fact that most of us work at companies
and we need to ship shareholder value.
And being able to pull in one MCP server,
add this functionality and
do something that I've
been putting off forever.
Pretty powerful, right?
That said, like I said before the joke
we said earlier, the S in MCP is for
security.
Thank you everyone in the chat
who donated that gem.
That's not leaving my lexicon for a while.
And this is one, it's using mpx,
so it's pulling it from npm,
which is a supply chain nightmare
waiting to happen, right?
So you could clone it down to at least
have a known go one and audit the code.
You can also there are some
that are remote servers
now you're playing with extra fire,
you know, and there's a lot of trust but
verification where it's like,
there's like go find.
There's like G Drive.
And you know it's not made by Google,
if they call it G Drive, by the way,
there's like five of
them made by just randos.
And I'm sure you have to
put in an access token.
I'm not installing one,
so I couldn't tell you.
But I am sure that you have to give them
an access token to your Google Drive.
Absolutely not, right?
So keeping that in mind, don't be,
wow, he just scraped a page.
And that was so cool as a permission
slip to be irresponsible, but
understand that especially
if you are willing to,
if you write your own to extend something,
I think that's.
Obviously, I can create my
own security bugs, trust me.
Or known vetted ones.
I think the amount of trust you can
give to the official GitHub one is
probably higher.
Now, no company has never not been hacked.
So understand that there
are risks in this.
It is an emerging protocol.
It has its rough edges,
but there is power.
And also know that for everyone you add,
you are effectively paying a tax.